It is located in the northeastern part of the country and is bounded to the north by the kingdom of Bhutan and the state of Arunachal Pradesh, to the east by the states of Nagaland and Manipur, to the south by the states of Mizoram and Tripura, and to the west by Bangladesh and the states of Meghalaya and West Bengal. The name Assam is derived from the word asama, meaning “peerless” in the now extinct Ahom language. The neighbouring states of Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Mizoram, and Meghalaya were once part of Assam. The capital, formerly Shillong (now the capital of Meghalaya), was shifted to Dispur, a suburb of Guwahati, in 1972. 
$It constitutes a mountainous area in the extreme northeastern part of the country and is bordered by the kingdom of Bhutan to the west, the Tibet Autonomous Region of China to the north, Myanmar (Burma) and the Indian state of Nagaland to the south and southeast, and the Indian state of Assam to the south and southwest. The capital is Itanagar.
Arunachal Pradesh, meaning "Land of the Rising Sun,” long has been a recognized region of the Indian subcontinent, receiving mention in such ancient Hindu literature as the Kalika-purana and the epic poems Mahabharata and Ramayana. Formerly known as the North East Frontier Agency (from the British colonial era), the area was part of Assam until it was made the Indian union territory of Arunachal Pradesh in 1972, and in 1987 it became an Indian state.  
$Meghalaya, state of India, located in the northeastern part of the country. It is bounded by the Indian state of Assam to the north and northeast and by Bangladesh to the south and southwest. The state capital is the hill town of Shillong, located in east-central Meghalaya. Meghalaya—alaya (“abode”) and megha (“of the clouds”)—occupies a mountainous plateau of great scenic beauty. It became a state in 1972. One of the world’s wettest regions is found in Meghalaya—Cherrapunji, which has an average annual precipitation of about 450 inches (11,430 mm) during monsoon season (from May to September). 
$It is located in the northeastern part of the country and is bounded by Myanmar (Burma) to the east and south and Bangladesh to the west and by the states of Tripura to the northwest, Assam to the north, and Manipur to the northeast. The capital is Aizawl, in the north-central part of the state. Mizoram (“Land of the Mizos”) was known as the Lushai Hills District of Assam before it was renamed the Mizo Hills District in 1954. In 1972 it became a centrally administered union territory under the name of Mizoram, and in 1987 it achieved statehood.
$It is bordered by the Indian states of Nagaland to the north, Assam to the west, and Mizoram to the southwest and by Myanmar (Burma) to the south and east. Like other northeastern states, it is largely isolated from the rest of India. The name Manipur means “land of gems.” Its economy centres on agriculture and forestry, and trade and cottage industries also are important. The state capital is Imphal, located in the centre of the state.
$It is located in the northeastern part of the subcontinent. It is bordered to the north, west, and south by Bangladesh, to the east by the state of Mizoram, and to the northeast by the state of Assam. It is among the smallest of India’s states and is located in an isolated hilly region of the country, with various indigenous peoples—or tribes—accounting for a significant portion of the population. The capital is Agartala, near the Bangladesh border in the northwestern part of the state.
$It is one of the smaller states of India. Nagaland is bounded by the Indian states of Arunachal Pradesh to the northeast, Manipur to the south, and Assam to the west and northwest and the country of Myanmar (Burma) to the east. The state capital is Kohima, located in the southern part of Nagaland.
Forests cover about one-sixth of Nagaland. Below 4,000 feet (1,220 metres) are tropical and subtropical evergreen forests, containing palms, rattan, and bamboo, as well as valuable timber species (notably mahogany).
$The North East India region can be defined as "Paradise Unexplored", overwhelming mountains and picturesque landscapes spread across the family of Seven Sister; Meghalaya, Assam, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura, in the North Eastern region of India, This family of 7 sisters sectos is sharing their borders with 7 countries like China, Myanmar, Tibet, Nepal and Bangladesh. To experience lifetime delightful holidays in lap of nature, one should visit to the different region of North East of India. 