{
    "Tawang": " Located at a height of about 3048m, Tawang is known for many important and beautiful monasteries and is famous as the birth place of Dalai Lama. ",
    "Ziro": " Perfect for an off-beat holiday, Ziro is a quaint old town in Arunachal Pradesh, home to the Apa Tani tribe and famous for its pine hills and rice fields. ",
    "Bhalukpong": " Apart from being the nature lover's paradise, Bhalukpong is a delight for wildlife and adventure enthusiasts. ",
    "Roing": " The snow peaked mountains, deep gorges, turbulent rivers cascading down the hills, numerous waterfalls, placid lakes, archaeological sites, peace and fun loving hospitable people and above all the heavenly climate make Roing one of the most attractive destinations for tourists. ",
    "Itanagar": " With the snow capped Himalayas towering on the northern end and the fertile Brahmaputra river plains on the southern, this city is a nature's paradise. ",
    "Bomdila": " With majestic Himalayas bestowing its shadow, the beautiful town of Bomdila is an absolute delight for tourists. ",
    "Anini": " Lying in the beautiful Dibang Valley district, Anini is marked by pleasant weather and immense natural beauty, making it a tourist's paradise. ",
    "Pasighat": " Home to river Brahmaputra which transcends down from Tibet, this place is a photographer\u2019s delight for comprising abundant sceneries of nature. ",
    "Along": " Covered with many pretty plantations and famous for its Mechuka Valley, Along is a beautiful town that glows with natural beauty. ",
    "Tirap": " Tirap never fails to enchant its tourists with lustrous rivulets, green and vibrant orchids and the freshness in air which heals the restless mind. Another spectacular attribute of this place lies in the ethnicity of tribals and their festivals, fairs and flawless artworks which are created with int ",
    "Daporijo": " Paddy Fields, rainforests with bamboo trees along with beautiful Subansiri River flowing along the town, Daporijo is a small town on the way from Ziro to Along. ",
    "Khonsa": " Streams, deep gorges, dense forests and snow-clad hills are some of the features which describe the terrain in Khonsa. At an average elevation of about 1,215 m from sea level, Khonsa is a beautiful little hill-station with natural beauty all around it. ",
    "Changlang": " Changlang District shares international boundary with Myanmar (Burma) and is best known for its bio-diversity and scenic beauty. ",
    "Yingkiong": " Yinkiong is the headquarter of the Upper Siang district, gets its name from River Siang that flows besides this district. Adventure lovers come here to indulge in hiking, trekking, mountaineering, angling, fishing, rafting, camping and everything else that enlivens their soul. ",
    "Anjaw": " Amidst enormous greenery, gleaming waterfalls, beautiful river streams, pine forests and a thousand other spectacular things there is Anjaw. ",
    "Yupia": " Yupia is the headquarters of Papum pare district of Arunachal Pradesh and is 20 Km away from the state capital Itanagar. ",
    "Nuranang Falls": " A largely unknown and virgin place, deep in the forest of Tawang, Nuranang Falls offer a pristine and beautiful experience. One of the most spectacular waterfalls in the country, the Nuranang Falls are a beautiful white sheet of water that descends from the height of about 100 meters. Part of the Nuranang River which originates at Sela Pass, Nuranang Falls is largely unknown to the popular tourist trail making it an offbeat and tranquil spot. Popular as the BTK waterfall, the Bap Ten Kang has crystal clear water which elevates your spirits and encourages you to indulge in swimming.\u00a0 ",
    "Sela Pass": " One of the most breathtaking places in the Himalayan vista, Sela Pass is a lifeline for the people of Arunachal Pradesh, and it is as heavenly as\u00a0it gets. The Sela Pass and Himalayas combine to enchant one and all by their mystic beauty. One of the most stunning gifts of nature to the North-East, Sela Pass is a lifeline for the people of Arunachal Pradesh as it is the only way that connects Tawang district of the state to the rest of the country. Besides its geographical importance, Sela Pass is breathtaking place always covered in snow providing some beautiful views of the eastern Himalayan range. The rocky pass is also home to one of Arunachal's most beautiful lakes - the Sela Lake. Being a sensitive region, one needs an inner line permit to visit Sela Pass. ",
    "Madhuri Lake": " Being home to the Himalayas, Arunachal Pradesh is home to many beautiful lakes but none as beautiful and\u00a0enrapturing as the Madhuri Lake also known as Sangetsar Lake. One of the remotest lakes of the country and perhaps of the world as well, Sangetsar or Madhuri Lake is a breathtaking combination of rocky mountains and an ever-present lake whose beauty is beyond spellbinding.\u00a0The lake was made popular due to its appearance in the Bollywood movie Koyla and is also known as Madhuri Lake named after the lead actress in the movie. ",
    "Gorichen Peak": " Gorichen Peak is the highest peak of Arunachal Pradesh and it is located between Tawang and West Kameng districts of Arunachal Pradesh. Situated at an altitude of 22,500 feet above sea level, this peak is roughly 164 kilometre from Tawang. ",
    "Namdapha National Park": " The third largest national park in the country, area-wise, Namdapha National Park is located in Arunachal Pradesh.  Namdapha National Park is a gem for any wildlife and nature lover. With its altitude varying between 200 meters to 4500 meters, it is a haven of rare and endangered animal and plant species with one of the most vibrant bio-diversities in the country. It is here that you can spot species such as Snow Leopard, Clouded Leopard, Leopard, and Tiger. Namdapha National Park is located at a mere distance of 160 km from the capital of Assam, i.e. Dibrugarh and is well-connected by a network of roads up till Miao, which is its getaway. ",
    "Mechuka": " Mechuka is a famous destination in Arunachal Pradesh for exotic tribes and the scenic beauty it engulfs. The other name for Mechuka is Menchukha. It is a small town nestled above the sea level in Mechuka valley. It is home to Memba, Ramo, Bokar and Libo tribes. The natives are the followers of Buddhism, Donyi-Poloism and Christianity. With time Mechuka has become a famous tourist destination because of its historic as well as religious significance. The beauty of River Siyom, locally known as Yargyap Chu is yet another reason for its fame. ",
    "Tezu": " As you roam around the woods enriched with lush greenery and birds chirping those soothing melodies with the Shivalinga rocks on the backdrop, you will praise the beauty of nature that has been bestowed upon Tezu. ",
    "Pakhui Wildlife Sanctuary": " This royal sanctuary plays home to the royal bengal tiger and many more varieties of flora and fauna. At least 40 mammal species occur in Pakke Tiger Reserve. "
}