{
    "Kaziranga National Park": " Home to two-thirds of the world's one horned rhinoceros population, this national park has been declared as a World Heritage Site. ",
    "Majuli": " Majuli is a lush green environment friendly, pristine and pollution free fresh water island in the river Brahmaputra, just 20 km from the city of Jorhat. ",
    "Guwahati": " Apart from having its own tourist spots, Guwahati also serves as an important base for many enjoyable holidays. ",
    "Hajo": " The ancient pilgrim centre of Hajo is a unique place for being an attraction for three religions - Hindu, Muslims and Buddhists. ",
    "Sivasagar": " Dating back to the Ahom dynasty, this cultural town is full of historic tourist attractions from forts with underground architecture to numerous temples. ",
    "Silchar": " Situated on the Surma (Barak) River, and known for its scenic beauty and natural splendor, Silchar is surrounded by Manipur on the east, Bangladesh on the west, Mizoram on the south and the Barail hills on the north. ",
    "Jorhat": " Famous for its culture, mosques, tombs, gardens and most importantly - its tea plantations, Jorhat is also known as the tea capital of India. ",
    "Goalpara": " Goalpara is a scenic town situated on the banks of Brahmaputra river known for its evergreen forests and beautiful landscape and as a great destination for unwinding and relaxing. ",
    "Manas National Park": " Manas National Park is a UNESCO Natural World Heritage site, a Project Tiger Reserve, an Elephant Reserve and a Biosphere Reserve in Assam. ",
    "Dibrugarh": " A major city in the north eastern region of India in line with cities like Guwahati and Bhubaneswar, Dibrugarh is the emerging communication and industrial hub of North East India. ",
    "Tinsukia": " Tinsukia is quite popular with the tourists as it serves as the gateway to nearby beautiful villages and wildlife sanctuaries. ",
    "Dispur": " Dispur is a beautiful capital city of Assam packed with panoramic views, unique traditions and rich tribal culture. ",
    "Dibru Saikhowa National Park": " Dibru Saikhowa National Park is a river island national park. It is one of the 19 biodiversity hotspots in the world. This National Park is situated 12 km north of Tinsukia in Assam. Of the seven parts of the park, one is a wetland and the rest is mainly covered with grasslands and dense forest. ",
    "Nameri National Park": " Nameri national park is famous for its elephants and other animals including tigers, leopards, gaurs, wild pigs, sambars, etc. and also for being a bird watchers paradise. ",
    "Sualkuchi": " Sualkuchi is a small sleepy village that displays the culture and traditions of Assam in its best form. ",
    "Lilabari": " Lilabari is a small town located in North Lakhimpur in Assam. The town is famous for its waterfront, as it is situated on the left bank of Brahmaputra river and beautified with the breathtaking Dirang valley and Sela pass ",
    "Karimganj": " Karimganj is a small sleepy town of Assam that serves as a perfect place to relax and unwind amid the lush green surroundings and sceneries and besides the meandering rivers. ",
    "Orang National Park": " One of the oldest game reserves of the state, The Orang National park located on the shores of river Brahmaputra, is home to various animals, birds, fishes and is one of the more popular tourist destinations of Assam. ",
    "Diphu": " This picturesque town is a popular picnic spot with people from nearby cities coming here to enjoy the scenic beauty of the place. ",
    "Bongaigaon": " Centrally located within the state, the city depicts a vibrant Assamese township and culture. The scenic beauty of Bongaigaon is well preserved. Although, the city is being developed, the natural habitat remains largely untouched. ",
    "Barpeta": " The land of Satras, Barpeta derives it\u2019s names from \u201cBar\u201d meaning big and \u201cPeta\u201d meaning pond. Hence, as the name suggests, Barpeta means \"\"land of big ponds\"\" and in old days, Barpeta was full of such ponds. ",
    "Hailakandi": " Hailakandi is a beautiful destination nestled in the heart of Barak Valley of Assam. This culturally rich place is also adorned nature\u2019s bounty serving as a perfect base for people looking for peace and tranquility. ",
    "Nalbari": " Located at the base of the eastern Himalayas, Nalbari is a perfect getaway to explore the wilderness of nature. ",
    "Darang": " Darang is a place where one can experience the best of everything from spellbinding nature to rich past and unique culture and heritage. ",
    "Dhemaji": " The serene location, paddy fields, the temples and the culture makes Dhemaji an experience in itself. ",
    "Morigaon": " Marigaon is a place packed with many surprise elements for tourists to explore. Enriched with strong history, fascinating legends and unique traditions and culture, the town is like a box of surprises, waiting to be opened. ",
    "Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary": " Home to the densest population of One-horned Rhinos in the world, the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary is located in Assam, approximately 30 km away from Guwahati in the Morigaon District. The wildlife sanctuary also sees an astounding diversity of bird species. No wonder then that it is also called 'Bharatpur of the East'. It has gained immense popularity due to its proximity to Guwahati. Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary is often visited as a stopover en route to Kaziranga National Park. ",
    "Umananda Island": " The smallest river island in the world, Umananda Island is a place with legends aplenty, a place where man and the wilderness co-habit in peace and serenity. Umananda Island lies at the heart of the Mighty Brahmaputra River which flows through the middle of the city of Guwahati. An island with many legends associated with it, it's pristine and calm environ has not been destroyed by the presence of human beings as yet. It was known as Peacock Island among the British Colonists who named it so based on its shape. The Island is home to a very rare and endangered species called _\u00e3\u00c4Golden Langurs_\u00e3_ who are considered to be highly sacred among the people of the Himalayas. ",
    "Nagaon": " Nagaon holds the distinction of being Assam's most populous district and one of the largest district in the area. It is also famously known to be the 'Rice bowl of Assam' and is rich in paddy. This district happens to be rich in wildlife too, as a part of this area is covered by the world famous Kaziranga National Park, which makes Nagaon a tourist magnet that is flocked with tourists all year round. Apart from being rich in flora and fauna along with having strong agricultural roots, Nagaon also has a lot to offer to tourists with many other natural and human-made attractions. ",
    "Mayong Assam": " Mayong, also known as 'the land of black magic', is a cluster of villages situated at a distance of 40 km from Guwahati. The village lies on the banks of the Brahmaputra River in the district of Morigaon in Assam. Mayong is a famous tourist spot and the famous stories of black magic and the magicians of the land make the place all the more enticing to the tourists. The ones who have been to the place say that there is an eerie silence surrounding the place which is completely opposite to the chaotic history associated with it. ",
    "Sadiya": " Situated in the Himalayan foothills, Sadiya is one of the sub-divisional headquarters of Tinsukia. It sits at the confluence of three three major rivers, Dihing (Tsangpo in Tibet), Dibang and Lohit that create the mighty Brahmaputra. It has an elevation of about 400 feet and stands on a grassy plain. Sadiya is a small town but is home to extraordinary scenic beauty and a rich historical background. The flower 'satful' is also a major feature of this city. ",
    "Digboi": " Famous as the Oil City of Assam, this town houses the oldest refinery of India. Crude oil was discovered here in the late 19th century. It is a primary source for raising the economic status of Tinsukia district. However, the city is more than just oil. It is also known for its golf courses which are traces left by British colonialism. Dolls made of wax and traditional textiles are also found. Tourists can find accommodation in Italian-style architecture apartments and guest houses. ",
    "Bogamati": " Newly discovered Bogamati is a picturesque spot perfect for picnics that lies at the mouth of river \u2018Barnadi\u2019 on the foothills on Indo-Bhutan border, in the Baksa district, Assam. Inaugurated by Emanuel Muchahary, MLA of Tumulpur, about six years ago, the unexplored, panoramic view of the mountains creates a serene getaway for travellers, couples and family alike. "
}