{
    "Shillong": " Born in the laps of nature, Shillong is the capital of Meghalaya and offers every one of its bequeathed element for exploration to the wanderlust. ",
    "Cherrapunji": " The wettest place on the Earth, Cherrapunjee with its clean and pristine surroundings is an excellent place to sit back and unwind. ",
    "Mawsynram": " Acknowledged as one of the wettest place in the world, the mesmerizing village of Mawsynram trounces Cherrapunjee by a slight margin in being the wettest place in India. ",
    "Tura": " Located in the West Garo hills, Tura provides a spellbinding as well as serene environment as it is quite an unexplored town. ",
    "Jowai": " Located in the Jaintia Hills district, Jowai is famous for its scenic setting and breathtaking views with the perfect mix of heritage and culture. ",
    "Nongpoh": " Nongpoh is a petite town, north of the East Khasi Hills and is a favourite as a stopover before reaching Shillong. ",
    "Williamnagar": " Williamnagar was formed around the former town of Simsanggre, which is based on the large plains of the Simsang River ",
    "Baghmara": " Situated in Meghalaya, Baghmara is not only rich in flora and fauna, but it is enveloped by lakes, rivers, hills and every significant element of the nature. ",
    "Elephant Falls": " Named after an Elephant like stone\u00a0at its foot, the Elephant Falls are amongst the most popular falls in the North-East, situated next to Shillong. It is a tourists' paradise with three layers of the falls accessible to the layman from different vantage points. The Britishers named this fall so owing to the presence of an elephant-shaped rock on one side of the fall. However, the stone disintegrated and was washed away due to an earthquake in 1897. Elephant Waterfalls is a superb place for spending some time in the midst of nature while\u00a0capturing the incredible moments for your keepsake. ",
    "Nohkalikai Waterfalls": " The fourth highest waterfalls in the world, Nohkalikai falls plunge some 335 meters from a verdant cliff to the ground giving the portrayal of immense and natural magnificence. The pride of the state of Meghalaya, the falls are one of the most beautiful and grand waterfalls in the country. Tucked in between evergreen rainforest of the Khasi Hill and flowing with all its majesty and might, the falls plunges into a lagoon which is as blue as the afternoon sky.  ",
    "Mawsmai Cave": " Meghalaya is home to some amazing and mysterious cave systems and Mawsmai Cave is by far the most popular of the lot. Located just 6 km away from the heart of Cherrapunjee Mawsmai cave is a breathtaking maze of caves in the East Khasi Hills of Meghalaya. The well lit caves are a view to behold when the glistening lights meet with the limestone to create countless hues and patterns of light. ",
    "Mawlynnong": " Mawlynnong is a small village situated around 90 km from Shillong in the East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya and is also known as God's own Garden. It was declared as the cleanest village in Asia in 2003 by Discovery India which certainly which makes it one of the most popular tourist destinations in the Indian state. Mawlynnong village is a community-based ecotourism initiative where the entire community made collective efforts in making and maintaining the cleanliness of the village.  ",
    "Umiam Lake": " Umiam Lake, a mesmerizing man-made reservoir, is located at a distance of 15 kilometres north of Shillong which is the capital of the north-eastern Indian state of Meghalaya. The lake was formed after a dam was constructed to generate hydroelectric power. The scenic Umiam Lake is encircled by lush green East Khasi hills that form one of the best panoramic sights for nature-lovers in the country. The sunrise at the lake is a treat to watch and shouldn't be missed. The Umiam Lake has a park adjoining it which is a hotspot for picnics and frequented by locals for a getaway from their busy scheduled. ",
    "Dawki": " A small border town in the Jaintia Hills, Dawki and its famed river Umngot is a must visit if in Meghalaya. Sandwiched between India and Bangladesh, Dawki is a major center of trade between India and Bangladesh. The small city, besides being a trade hub is also famous for its tourism scene, with many people flocking to the city in order experience a boat ride in its famed Umngot River and enjoy the nearby sights and sounds ",
    "Double Decker Living Root Bridge": " Hidden deep in the lush, green forests of the wettest place in India: Cherrapunjee, Meghalaya; one can find the magnificent Jingkieng Nongriat Double Decker Living Root Bridge; more commonly known as the Umshiang Double Decker Living Root Bridge or simply just the Double Decker Root Bridge.\u00a0 This area is famous for root bridges made of Indian Rubber Tree, but the Double Decker Bridge is the most famous of all due to its large size. It is 3 kilometers long and placed at a height of 2400 feet!\u00a0A unique attraction and quite an innovative mix of nature and engineering. The Umshiang River flows beneath the bridge. ",
    "Balpakram National Park": " Located near the Garo Hills in Meghalaya in India about 3,000 feet above the sea level, the Balpakram National Park is a famous national park which is well known for its pristine beauty. The word Balpakram means the 'land of perpetual winds', and the national park is blessed with charming grace and breathtaking scenes. ",
    "Jaintia Hills": " Forming the southern, eastern and northern part of the state Jaintia Hills are a sacred, pristine patch of hillocks and forest whose beauty and freshness is unparalleled. The part of the erstwhile Jaintia Kingdom the Jaintia Hills are dotted with famous monoliths of stones, unscarred forests and some beautiful lakes such as Umhang Lake. ",
    "Garo Hills": " The Garo Hills form the west part of the state and are known for the famous Garo tribes whose belief in nature and folklore are as enchanting as the verdant hills they live in. The Hills are famous for being home to some great waterfalls too. ",
    "Kyllang Rock": " Some 78 km away from Shillong, a unique giant rock made out of red granite, Kyllang Rock is a giant dome placed in the West Khasi Hills of Meghalaya. The Rock which is 5400 ft above sea level and has a width of around 1000 ft is a mammoth block of granite which is part of the Khasi folklore and seems beautiful in its shape. A hike to the top of Kyllang Rock allows you to treasure the marvellous landscape of the surrounding area. ",
    "Nohsngithiang Falls": " The Nohsngithiang Falls, located at a distance of about 4km from Cherrapunjee, is one of the tallest waterfalls in India and a major tourist spot in Cherrapunjee. Since it is situated in the Mawsmai village of the East Khasi Hills District of Meghalaya, it is also known as Mawsmai Falls. The Nohsngithiang Falls falls from a height of about 1033 feet, segmented into seven different sections, giving it the epithet of Seven Sister Waterfalls. The scintillating waterfall is seasonal and plunges over the limestone covered hills only during the rainy season. "
}