{
    "Aizawl": " Aizawl is home to the Mizoram State Museum, along with being the cultural and religious capital of the Mizos. ",
    "Serchhip": " Most famous for being the district with the highest literacy rate in India, Serchhip in Mizoram is a popular tourist place. ",
    "Lunglei": " Literally meaning 'the bridge of rock', Lunglei is famous for its scenic beauty and natural setting. ",
    "Champhai": " A strategically placed town, Champhai is a beautiful area set amongst hills and a budding culture. ",
    "Mamit": " The Mamit district is the fourth largest district of the state of Mizoram and is known for its exquisite scenic locales and magnificence. ",
    "Saiha": " Saiha is a census town in the Saiha district in Mizoram located at an average height of 729 metres above sea level. This town is considered to be the best bet for angling enthusiasts. ",
    "Kolasib": " A peaceful town and district of the same name, Kolasib is an offbeat destination, good for people looking to experience North-East India in it's very raw form. Inspite of much activiites or sightseeing options, Kolasib attracts people for its greenery, lakes and rivers. ",
    "Reiek": " At 1600 meters, Reiek Tlang is one of the highest hills of Mizoram. A place to find peace and serenity, Reiek Tlang calls out to the lovers of nature, adventure and romance. Located at a distance of 29 km away from the city of Aizawl, Reiek Tlang provides its visitors with an opportunity for trekking with the backdrop of sceneries borrowed from the Mizo Hills. As is the case with most North Eastern destination of India, Reiek is also relatively unexplored and sits pretty as a pearl in the hills. ",
    "Vantawng Falls": " The highest waterfall in the state and the 13th highest in the country, the Vantawng Waterfalls is one of he most mesmerizing waterfalls of the North East. Vantawng falls are the pride of Mizoram and one of its prime attractions. The waterfall which is located 137 km away from the capital city of Aizawl is a gem in its own right. Tucked in between the verdant valleys with thick greenery around the waterfall seems like a river of white milk from distance. ",
    "Hmuifang": " One of the most beautiful destinations in Mizoram, Hmuifang or Hmuifang Tlang is an amazing hill station with a lot to offer to the discerning traveller. Located a distance of 50 km from the capital city of Aizawl, Hmuifang  is hill town at the heart of the state of Mizoram. The hill station is known for its adventure and wildlife-related activities which draws many enthusiasts to its hills. It is a land of virginal green forests and slopes untouched by human civilization. Hmuifang is also famous for holding a festival promoted by the Tourism Development of Mizoram called the Thalfavang Kut, that gives you a peek into the Mizo culture by showcasing various dances such as Cheraw, Sawlakai, Siktuithiang lam and Chheihlam ",
    "Dampa Tiger Reserve": " Dampa Tiger Reserve, a splendid Wildlife Sanctuary, is located amidst the deep and dense forests of Mizoram in India. The forests are located about 125 kilometres from Aizawl and are rich with a variety of flora and fauna that draw tourists and nature lovers to the North-eastern state of India from all parts of the world. The name Dampa was derived from the lonely bachelors (Dam Pa meaning Lonely Men) left in the region after the passing of a majority of the female population.The Dampa wildlife sanctuary covers a sprawling area of over 500 square kilometres on the western side of Mizoram and touches the international boundaries of Bangladesh. ",
    "Tamdil (Tam Lake)": " The largest lake in the state of Mizoram, Tamdil Lake is a human-made lake exclusively to serve as a natural attraction for the state's tourism. Tamdil Lake, which translates into 'Lake of Mustard ' in Mizo, is a beautiful lake with the magnificent landscape, clear, blue water and serene environment. Tucked between evergreen forests and hills, the lake is located in the wilderness of the hills of Mizoram, some 100 km east of Aizawl.  ",
    "Falkawn Village": " A model village depicting the lifestyle of the Mizo people, Falkawn village is a unique cultural extravaganza for first time visitors to Mizoram. Falkawn village depicts the livelihoods and cultures of the Mizo people, who form the biggest tribe of the state. Located 22 km away from the capital city of Aizawl Falkawn village is a unique concept and an effort to provide people with an insight into one of the greatest tribal cultures of our land. ",
    "Phawngpui Peak": " The highest point in the state, Phawngpui Peak is a revered mountain among the tribes of the state. The beautiful blue mountain located some 300 km south of Aizawl is a wonderful place to be and to bring out the adventure enthusiast in you. The peak is located within the Phawngpui National Park and oversees a wondrous landscape full of deep crevices and magnificent cliffs. Trekking to the summit of Phawngpui is an experience no adventure lover can let go of.  ",
    " Phawngpui": " Phawngpui is a quaint and serene village located in the state of Mizoram. Situated at an elevation of 2157 meters, this place proffers picturesque views. This place is surrounded by verdant trees and lofty mountains which in magnifying the beauty of the landscape. Phawngpui is an ideal place to get away from the hustle and bustle of the city and spend some quiet and peaceful time amidst nature.  The place does not only have verdant and thick forests, but is also bountiful in flora and fauna. If you want to add a bit of adventure to your trip, make sure to scale the Blue Mountain and enjoy the trek with mesmerizing scenic beauty. The trek to the top of the mountain will provide awestrucking views of the whole place which will make you feel as if you are in heaven.  ",
    "Phawngpui National Park": " The Phawngpui Blue Mountain National Park or simply Phawngpui National Park is a gorgeous conservatory forest in Mizoram housing several rare animals and birds, adorned in tropical forests. The park overlooks rivers and mountain ranges further adding to its natural beauty and attractiveness. It also houses several species of birds and animals such as the Asiatic black bear and the black eagle. The pleasant climate allows tourists to truly enjoy the serenity of the park and what it has to offer.\n\nWhat gives this park a mandatory spot in your itinerary is that it is the ultimate hike for trekkers, hikers and adventure-seekers given it's fairly cast size. The incentive of the long hike is the scenic beauty of the park, also the opportunity to spot rare animals, birds and plants on the trail. The Blue Mountain makes for a picturesque, breathtaking view that one must see to believe. "
}