{
    "Agartala": " Home to the Manikya Kings in the past, Agartala is the perfect mix of natural beauty combined with diverse and rich culture. ",
    "Kailashahar": " A well liked tourist town, Kailashahar was once the capital of a kingdom and evidence of its royal history can be seen here. ",
    "Unakoti": " A prime tourist spot in Tripura, Unakoti is an ancient pilgrimage centre, attracting tourists and devotees from far and wide. ",
    "Bison (Rajbari) National Park": " Situated in the Trishna Wildlife Sanctuary, the Rajbari National Park is one of India\u2019s well-known National Parks. It is located at Tripura, India. The park is spread over a whopping 31.63 square kilometres. Visiting this park would prove to be a visual treat to its visitors. ",
    "Rudrasagar Lake": " Located in the Melaghar block in Sipahijala district of Tripura, Rudrasagar is a picturesque lake that has lately been recognised as one of the wetlands of national importance for the conservation of resources and their sustainable use, by the Government of India\u2019s Ministry of Environment and Forest. Also known as Rudijala, three rivers named Noacherra, Kemrali Cherra and Durlavnaraya form the lake. Boasting of utter serenity and tranquility, the lake is a popular tourist spot in the region. The highlight of the lake is also the magnificent Neermahal which is situated at the north-east bank of the lake. Built in 1930, the palace exudes timeless charm. ",
    "Ambassa": " Located in the youngest district in the state of Tripura in Dhalai, Ambassa is a quiet little town mainly popular for its several temples and pleasant surroundings. Initially a hilly area, which was covered in dense woods, the forests were cleared to create the district only recently in 1995. Boasting of picturesque surroundings and ample of natural resources, the town has not only become a popular tourist spot but also has earned fame for being extremely resourceful. Another important thing about Ambassa is that it is inhabited by tribes which mainly live on houses built on platforms. Other residents have mostly migrated from India and Bangladesh.  "
}